README.md, before:

# Readme


## Overview


This repo contains notebooks for Pytorch Serving Workshop.

Note: We **do not** need a GPU runtime

## Setup 

1) Run the below notebook that will setup everything in collab. 

    **Colab** starter notebook: &nbsp;&nbsp; [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/npatta01/pytorch-serving-workshop/blob/main/colab_starter.ipynb)

2) Navigate to the ngrok proxy url
![](assets/setup_01.png)

    We use ngrok to acces the underlying collab runtime

3) Navigate to working directory in VSCode
![](assets/setup_02.png)

## Contents

There are five notebooks.

a. `00_prepare_dataset.ipynb`

Notebook that prepares the e-comeerce dataset and saves it.

b. `01_train.ipynb`

Trains a DistilBert model

c. `02_inference_review.ipynb`

Notebook that shows how to use the HuggingFace ecosystem. Also shows how to use the trained model from previous notebook.

d. `03_optimizing_model.ipynb`

Notebook that shows impact of Quantization and TorschScript


e. `04_packaging.ipynb`

Notebook that shows how to use TorchServe to serve models


## Slides

[![Watch the video](assets/slides_cover.png)](https://www.slideshare.net/nidhinpattaniyil/serving-bert-models-in-production-with-torchserve)

## Video

[![PyData Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sDGxzkOvxqY/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDGxzkOvxqY&ab_channel=PyData)


## References

[Pydata 2021 Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/nidhinpattaniyil/serving-bert-models-in-production-with-torchserve)

[Pydata 2021 Conference Page](https://pydata.org/global2021/schedule/presentation/136/serving-pytorch-models-in-production/)


## Libraries

This repro uses HuggingFace transformers and dataset pacakge. 

The dataset used is [Amazon Berkeley Objects (ABO) Dataset](https://amazon-berkeley-objects.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html) created by Amazon and UC Berkeley.
For more reference, refer to this [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.06199)


## Contact

For help or feedback, please reach out to :

- [Nidhin Pattaniyil](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nidhinpattaniyil/)   
- [Adway Dhillon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adwaydhillon/)    
- [Vishal Rathi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vishalkumarrathi/)

Commit message:

Binder link  and jupyterhub public (#4)
- added link to Binder
- added config and instructions for public jupyter hub

README.md, after:

# Readme


## Overview


This repo contains notebooks for Pytorch Serving Workshop.

Note: We **do not** need a GPU runtime

## Setup 

If you came to this repo, during a workshop visit this custom [jupyter hub](http://hub.np.training) with all the dependencies already set up.



Otherwise, consider using [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/npatta01/pytorch-serving-workshop/main)



## Contents

There are five notebooks.

a. `00_prepare_dataset.ipynb`

Notebook that prepares the e-comeerce dataset and saves it.

b. `01_train.ipynb`

Trains a DistilBert model

c. `02_inference_review.ipynb`

Notebook that shows how to use the HuggingFace ecosystem. Also shows how to use the trained model from previous notebook.

d. `03_optimizing_model.ipynb`

Notebook that shows impact of Quantization and TorschScript


e. `04_packaging.ipynb`

Notebook that shows how to use TorchServe to serve models


## Slides

[![Watch the video](assets/slides_cover.png)](https://www.slideshare.net/nidhinpattaniyil/serving-bert-models-in-production-with-torchserve)


## Video

[![PyData Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sDGxzkOvxqY/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDGxzkOvxqY&ab_channel=PyData)


## References

[Pydata 2021 Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/nidhinpattaniyil/serving-bert-models-in-production-with-torchserve)

[Pydata 2021 Conference Page](https://pydata.org/global2021/schedule/presentation/136/serving-pytorch-models-in-production/)


## Libraries

This repro uses HuggingFace transformers and dataset pacakge. 

The dataset used is [Amazon Berkeley Objects (ABO) Dataset](https://amazon-berkeley-objects.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html) created by Amazon and UC Berkeley.
For more reference, refer to this [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.06199)


## Contact

For help or feedback, please reach out to :

- [Nidhin Pattaniyil](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nidhinpattaniyil/)   
- [Adway Dhillon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adwaydhillon/)    
- [Vishal Rathi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vishalkumarrathi/)
